In previous part, what I created a thread which is using the animal interface I'm mentioning.
I mentioned here in the keep going part I created each and everything with the right message.
I'm going to write that message and chat message for the purpose who is in for the who is in each and
etc.?
Everything.
So I need to mention close method also to close everything.
So.
Moses and King.
But this part and I will delete this post.
So as you can see.
This is done, basically.
Now I need to create one right message.
But also you're.
And wait a minute.
There is grandpa, basically.
Okay.
Well for the nose.
This is for the keep going.
This is for the run.
So keep going.
Should be ended first, as I told you.
So let me do one thing.
Keep going is NZ first.
You can see the switch cases in the first.
Then after keep going.
Oh, then.
Let me do one thing here.
This is for Solway.
Check your loops, because I'm just using this part.
Keep going, isn't it?
And after that, keep going, isn't it?
I need to lose that trading part also.
Not at all.
Okay.
So I created already keep doing each and every thing.
And now this training part and this is basically my class part.
So what I'm creating do and created all the things and I'm executing that part.
It will that closing part, it will be directly throwing that user out of that server part.
So this is done.
Now, what required thing is here?
We need to create a one right message method here.
So this is my right to message method, which is basically writing that part inside boolean with connected.
If the connected try that writing message error in the sending message if there is an error.
So these are all about server part.
Now we are required some, as I told you, using log log in, get message each and everything inside
chat message.
So let me go with the chat message.
Chat message is very simple.
Thing.
Let me import one thing.
Import Java.
Dot start because it's very important.
But now what is required things is this class is defines the different types of messages that will be
what we can say exchange between clients and server.
So let me mention.
Though specified this class will.
But a form.
For.
Different type of.
Messages.
Again.
Then second thing is, when talking from Java client to Java server, it is a lot easier to pass objects.
No need to count bytes then wait.
Then line and feeds by each frame and frame.
What you can do.
You can create and parse that full object inside the frame.
So.
These are easier to pass wall.
Object.
Instead.
Of byte stream.
Frame of PCP.
So if I am mentioning here is I'm creating I already created message.
So I'm going with this.
So different types of messages, as I told you.
So these are the different ways in message, which is ordering text message and logout.
So let me put that message here.
So let me tell you what is this basically title is for type who is in message and logo to each and everything.
So if you showing the green line, you can save that dictionary pattern.
And so these are all the private things.
You cannot change this here.
So let me create one constructor here.
Procter.
To basically chat message.
Inside that message.
What I'm going to mention is here is pipe and string, message and type.
Joining.
Message.
So I already created this, then this type to this type, if you know how you can assign that to that
part.
Then this dot message.
Difficult to message.
So these are all the things you can do.
Now, what is required to this year is get type and all the things you need to create here.
So get type.
This is basically mental.
Britain.
I.
Now what is remaining more remaining thing easier is we get the message, string get message.
Done message.
So this is how you can do.
Now you can see.
There is no errors.
There are some warnings here, but there are no errors inside our server class as I already created
this part.
Let me save this part and save this part.
So now our server, we can run that server if you want.
You can check also.
Let me do something here.
Let me run the server.
Ransomware.
So it will run that part.
As you can see, it is building.
And it is running and tasked each and everything.
So it will take time to compile each and every part here, but it's building.
Now our server program is running.
So in that program you can say at this time times timestamp.
My server is waiting for the client.
It's on board this.
So I will explain what is the boat and each and everything.
So now our server program is live.
You can say at this time our server program is like.
Well, you know, for their part, I'm going to tell you how we can do this stuff.
Our client and client Java.
Again, it will be very simple code, but it will take time for each and every part.
So I already created this part.
So let me use that part most time.
Only vaguely.
So I will explain this client message.
So what is the client message here?
Is it will ask for me the different parts here.
First is the client or notify purpose?
Is input for that?
Is input output for that purpose?
Socket is for the socket.
Private string server plus user name and the get user name for the username.
Set username for the set username.
I'm invoking this part for the setting username each and everything.
And this is, as you can see, start is method for that purpose to create that socket and put in that
socket.
Listen from server creates a thread to listener server and your username will be sent there.
I exception is for the purposes.
So these are all the things send message for the sending message disconnect for the disconnecting from
that message, exception each and everything similar like this.
Now this is very important what I'm stating.
The port number is 1500.
Or we can say 1500.
Why I'm using this port only because server is on that port.
If you want to change this port, you can change it.
You can change the number four digit number with 0 to 9 digits.
You can change that.
Again, this is localhost string username.
Default is anonymous.
If you want to input, you can input that and you can scan it and directly put that in this.
Argument, as I told you.
Case three If the debt length is greater than three Java client, use an import numbers or address in
each and everything part.
If what is invalid, it will be the invalid part.
Similarly, it will put that.
Hello.
Welcome to chatroom instructions.
It will print first instruction or you can space this username.
Your message here is that you can create within for it is all the instructions here.
And I create the login and logout method.
Then again, I need to create thread here and this is basically that what you can say this from this
part and each and everything I can.
So let me turn first.
The server.
So first you need to run the server and if you want to check more clients, as you can see, I can run
only one client here.
But if you want to run more clients, you need to use one plugin inside ID which is basically multi
run.
I tell you how we are going to do that stuff also.
So let me run here.
My client.
Also you can use control shift f ten also key, but I'm using default here.
So now I will put names John.
So we'll come to chat room each and everything.
It will.
My localhost connection is accepted.
And now you can say who is in.
You can mention that name.
So you can say at this time, John, join the chatroom.
So this is how you can create this.
So if you want to run more clients or you want to check, basically, as I told you, I run this only
I run this only at one instance client.
What I'm going to do, I want to run more client.
So what I'm going to do?
Go to edit configuration after edit configuration.
You can see there is a one dialog box I think I'm unable to see here, but you can see a new box here
first.
In that new box, what you are going to do, you are going to create new configuration you need to install.
When I plug in to this ID, which is basically multi run plugin inside that multi multi plugin, you
need to mention the name of that plugin, choose configuration to run.
You can see there are two things here.
Run server and client.
Run client.
You can use that part.
So in that way, you can create your own things here.
Basically these are some similar things.
Four.
You can say adding the plug in each and everything.
So you need to mention that which you are adding here.
So I'm adding the client to it.
And so what I'm going to do, I'm adding another client.
So as you can see, there are two clients I'm running currently.
Another name is Sam.
So as you can see, Sam has joined the room.
Let me add one more client here.
These basic materials then?
Lion B.
And it will run the plant.
Okay.
So this is my another client.
You can see there are three clients.
John.
Sam.
I don't want to dominate.
John.
Sam.
And third is.
ABC.
So in the server part you can say John is then STEM and then ABC has joined.
So I want to broadcast some message.
I want to check who is in.
So.
Why does the exception is writing and each and everything it's been it's basically not serialized.
You should put this only.
So now.
There isn't anything use of this or exception you can put in.
Okay.
Establish the rules of order from the host machine.
So now why?
Because.
The exception is only John has left the chapel.
So as I told you, you need to mention each and everything.
So let me stop this process first.
The John.
Let me run that John again.
Stop and return.
So.
Let me run.
Stop all the things.
Let me run server first.
Then let me run the client first, which is basically John.
Let me run.
Stop and read.
Written.
Then first.
Then let me run.
This.
Which is basically ABC.
So let me check first using.
Okay.
Then.
So now we are done with each and everything.
So.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to run the server first.
Then I'm going to mention the client here.
Then I'm going to run your client one year.
And I'm going to run Lion three year.
His name is John.
Second name is.
Then.
This is not a bad.
Code name is ABC.
So as you can see, Sam and each and every one is joining this room.
This is the drawing card.
So if I put who is in.
It's a blueprint, each and everything.
So similarly, you can create more threads here, each and every part.
So let me go with some more parts here also.
So we created this part.
In the next videos, I'm going to tell you how we can create Java string part each and everything.
So hope you understand this part.
If you want to check more parts here, you can go.
Let me.
Jake Foster.
Okay.
So let me run this again.
Server part.
So I will tell you all the functions here first.
No, because I haven't mentioned that part in earlier.
Then my client should be running.
Then my client.
One should be running.
Then my client three should be running.
So as you can see, I can create more clients here.
It's a beautiful thing for what we can say.
Java and Multithreading.
ABC.
So you can say all the things that are created here.
If I want to broadcast message.
Hello.
I'm getting the exception of Iowa station because server is closed the connection for that purpose.
So similarly, you can do this stuff and you can proceed with this part.
So this is all about how we can create this part.
In the next video, I'm going to mention the server part, client part and chat message each and everything
here.
So this is it.
We can create all these jobs in a further part.
I'm going to tell you what this part also, plus some Java string and UI part of the client trips.
So I hope you understand this part.